[Music]
hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
satirical drama film this is your death
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
on the popular live reality show this is
your death jesse pulled out a gun after
she lost the wedding and shot the jerk
room
the host adam stage is a heroic rescue
of beauty
he takes the winning bride off her life
successfully in her desperation jolted
jesse puts a pistol to her head
adam becomes a blockbuster overnight in
response to his colleagues interview
however he throws off prepared lines and
speaks his mind he believes the tragedy
can be avoided if not for the girls
becoming insane and crazy as the show
intensifies
he charged the audience with following
the herd and making things messy he
sneers at money-driven capitalism and
its coldness as well
his dripping super cool speech
successfully pushes him to the brink of
being unemployed but adam's sister and a
nurse sees it differently adam is an
awesome brother with a high personality
being comforted by his sister adam
believes in himself and waits to be
judged fired
mason the cleaner at the same tv station
used to fly high his current penniless
state makes him anxious
to get the kids into school districts
the family gives everything they have to
move here
it's not cheap to live here though that
he has fallen behind on his housing
mortgage for five months he now has to
rush to his second work as a dishwasher
unfortunately though he works around the
clock he is still being chased by banks
when it rains it pours his wife tells
him that if they lose their home she
will have no choice but to leave him and
take the kids
adam boosts the ratings of the show like
a hero the program director not only
urges him to stay but also hires a
better producer sylvia to help launch a
more thrilling suicide live show
adam and sylvia think she is kidding but
they soon realize they are too naive
to boost the ratings director has made
her mind on such an insane show
sylvia against promoting death so she
refuses the offer and walks out adam
gives her a flat no and leaves too
after arriving home he turns on the tv
to look away for a bit but the
rebroadcast of his show unwisely bursts
in his eyes he explodes and runs out of
the house like hell
running all the way he sees a girl
exercising gymnastics
ribbon in her hand strikes adam's mind
and he goes back to director
he bargains that the live shows are full
of lies and audiences have been bored
and furious about it for a true story
they need a new show without any stunts
the suicides committed here are
completely voluntary
what adam wants is pretty simple he
wants people to appreciate life after
learning the bargain terms director and
adam hit it off immediately and begin
filming the new show
well sylvia doesn't want to be a part of
the show in any form because she
believes they are running wild but life
sucks she's under contract and has no
other option
sylvia does a good job as a producer for
the show
a cool stage for the new live show
begins to take shape very soon
with the opening of the first episode
the team all work around adam
on the first night what director does
not expect is that adam starts his
stand-up solo and gives a free speech on
the stage to make things worse adam acts
on his own to raise donations for the
first suicide by promising that the
program will also donate 100k dollars
the first participant sarah tells in her
short clip that her husband bullied her
for years her daughter was also offended
which was the final straw
to help her daughter out sarah
voluntarily participates in this suicide
program and decides to commit suicide in
front of people as the clip ends
everyone in the audience holds their
breath and fixes their eyes on the stage
almost suffocating sarah pulls herself
up in her bikini from the bathtub
everyone exhales a sigh of relief but
unexpectedly she turns to the camera and
leaves her last words that she has
already killed her husband
she then throws a powered radio into the
bathtub and gets electrocuted right away
the scene of sarah's death is so
shocking some find it absurd and can't
stand it but the live show does make
ahead except for this the program
collects a donation of 300k dollars
adam and sylvia hook up overnight after
the show springs into fame when he wakes
up the next morning he sees her angry
sister same as the twitter centering him
sister curses him roundly but adam is
crazy about his career and remains
unmoved
poor mason who upsets his boss is fired
from his cleaning job
he finds himself in a miserable hard
time
meanwhile the show's rating climbs to
the top three director is now a big fan
of adam the second episode thus begins
adam is once again the star of the show
surprisingly this time the rules are
changed in order to win the two hundred
fifty thousand dollar prize the three
participants must compete for votes by
showing fancy death
smart boys with great ideas are always
appreciated by bosses
sylvia however finds adam an idiot the
audience remain in difference to the
death competition watching coldly at the
suicides in front of them when this
episode began they were sympathetic
now they only expect something can get
on their nerves
episode by episode this suicide live
show successfully hits the top one
top ratings also make adam rich and
famous
like all high flyers he buys a large new
house with the money he also writes his
sister a big check to settle her debt
but the money just doesn't feel right to
sister his sister has high personality
too
she rejects the check whoops money
breaks the talk
adam is dizzy with his success despite
the show's changes he is unaware of the
risks he reveals the conversation he had
with his sister
irritated by the criticisms of adam in
the audience sister suffers a recurrence
of her depression before the tv
sylvia calls her right away to see if
she is okay
sylvia is glad to hear she's fine and
goes back to work
in the show that night the car suicide
was hard to see clearly people become
bored without seeing details in the
darkness adam is then told that the
rating is going down
he goes even crazy and asks the team to
cheat on the show causing the woman in
the car to die earlier than schedules
some sharp height audience noticed
something fishy in the car but the car
is then quickly moved out of the stage
but embarrassingly co-workers find that
the woman in the car is struggling to
survive and doesn't want to die
adam must race for the rating she must
die
he forces the woman back to the seat
trapped in the toxic car she eventually
succumbs to pain and dies
video surveillance captures everything
adam did
sylvia later found the record when she
watched back the tape adam killed a
participant who sought to live on
this record is so explosive i may need
it someday
she then copies the record onto her own
computer and deletes the original file
several days later heated discussions
and sue about the episode the fbi also
visits the program to conduct an
investigation
sylvia is expecting this case to change
adam's mind but her plan backfires when
she sees the truth adam turns around and
asks aggressively if she has deleted the
record
due to her fear and to be safe she lies
to adam saying she has destroyed every
trace of the night as sister calls in
things get worse
her depression worsens and she starts
taking pills to feel better nevertheless
this was bumped into her colleagues at
work and she was fired
looking at his desperate sister adam is
running out of patience and asked her to
suit herself
the rating of the show begins to decline
as the episodes go on
the death ritual starts to bore people
the quest for a top rating causes adam
to forget what he is after from the
start appreciation of life
he proposes to direct her an audition
competition at the season's end
adam's change of mind surprises director
but she says yes to his proposal by the
lore of 1 million us dollars the program
attracts thousands of people to compete
to die
mason is one of them
after he got fired from his cleansing
job he has been looking for jobs here
and there but he runs into a wall every
single time because he is too old he
happens to see the audition poster
decides to sign up right away
meanwhile sister wants her brother to
turn from his evil ways
informing sylvia of her decision she
picks up the phone it is sister's last
attempt to make him end his involvement
in the show and make others see the
awful reality of it
in this night's show as requested by
sister sylvia puts her in the waiting
area preparing to die cool as one of the
contestants
the final episode is aired on the front
stage the audience no longer pities the
dead or feels sympathy in their eyes
only the excitement of thrilling death
can be seen
the first japanese man commits seppuku
adam then takes the floor and is ready
to promote the atmosphere
however when he is about to announce the
next person the name feels familiar and
he turns around to the backstage
he is horrified to see his sister who is
prepared to die in bed
sylvia then instructs the screen to play
sister's short clip at the end of the
video sister lies on a gurney she holds
a syringe to her arm and commits
euthanasia adam goes crazy about seeing
her injection
obviously the super cool professional
death of his own sister doesn't seem
cool to him this time he races to stop
her but it's too late he arrives at her
side only to have her die in his arms as
the body is taken away it finally dawns
on him that he did something wrong
director however is now flying into a
rage
sylvia changes the show without
reporting it director fired her on the
spot adam does not get back to the stage
but weeps and sobs outside
thus the programmer must take over
sylvia's stuff and get the participants
to continue to die
here comes our poor mason after playing
his clip a man is seen bound with bombs
from head to toe
mason of course is afraid of dying but
he is still prepared to die as the
others his beloved family suddenly wait
on his mind he wakes up on the very
brink of the abyss
he turns around and asks the audience
what keeps them watching
because mason finally decides to live on
people view him as a hero tonight
however he doesn't give a damn what kind
of hero he is you just want to hurry
back home sylvia hands over the evidence
of adam's murder to the fbi
adam is then arrested then the curtain
falls in his yelling
this is daniel cc movie channel
peace out